Add an experimental OpenAPI 3.0 module (#536)
SDA-SE/sda-dropwizard-commons: sda-commons-server-openapi-example/README.md

# SDA Commons Server OpenAPI Example

This example module shows an 
[application](src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/openapi/example/SdaPlatformExampleApplication.java) that uses the 

> [`SwaggerBundle`](../sda-commons-server-openapi/src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/openapi/OpenApiBundle.java)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`OpenApiBundle`](../sda-commons-server-openapi/src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/openapi/OpenApiBundle.java)
```

to describe REST endpoints with a OpenApi 3 documentation.

Beside the initialization of the bundle via the [`SdaPlatformBundle`](../sda-commons-server-starter/src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/starter/SdaPlatformBundle.java),
it includes a [`PersonService`](src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/openapi/example/people/rest/PersonService.java) 

> as well a [`PersonResource`](src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/openapi/example/people/rest/PersonResource.java)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a [`PersonResource`](src/main/java/org/sdase/commons/server/openapi/example/people/rest/PersonResource.java)
```
